README.md, before:

# Hatsune Miku cursors for Windows/Linux!

![alt text](https://github.com/supermariofps/hatsune-miku-linux-cursors/blob/main/thumb.png?raw=true)

This cursor set is a modified version of a Windows set created by [love0922c的小屋](https://home.gamer.com.tw/creationDetail.php?sn=1760192) with a Book and Kotatsu cursors found [here](https://paradise-cheaters.blogspot.com/2014/09/software-cursor-hatsune-miku-pack.html) with a few original ones made by myself!

Hope you like it!

## Installation Instructions
You can download a ZIP of this repository by clicking the green _Code_ button above and selecting _Download ZIP_ or by cloning it.

### Linux
1. Copy the `miku-cursor-linux/` dir to `/usr/share/icons/` (system-wide) or `~/.local/share/icons/` (per-user).
2. [Select the theme through your DE's settings manager.](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Cursor_themes#Desktop_environments)
3. On KDE, the desktop and some apps may default back to a different cursor set that isn't the one you chose. To fix this, add the following to `/usr/share/icons/default/index.theme` or `~/.local/share/icons/default/index.theme`:
	```ini
	[Icon Theme]
	Inherits=miku-cursor-linux
	```

### Windows
1. Open the `miku-cursor-windows\` folder in the ZIP.
2. Right-click on `Install.inf` and select _Install_.

Commit message:

Updated the Source of a few files on README.md
Clarified the unknown origin of the first 3 cursors because at the end of the post made by love0922c的小屋 was explicitly stated that the cursor set was found and tested, not created by him/her.

README.md, after:

# Hatsune Miku cursors for Windows/Linux!

![alt text](https://github.com/supermariofps/hatsune-miku-linux-cursors/blob/main/thumb.png?raw=true)

This cursor set is a modified version of a Windows set (containing only the blinking, singing, and sleeping cursors) found [here](https://home.gamer.com.tw/creationDetail.php?sn=1760192) with the Book and Kotatsu cursors found [here](https://paradise-cheaters.blogspot.com/2014/09/software-cursor-hatsune-miku-pack.html) with a few original ones made by myself!

Unfortunately, I can't confirm the source from any of the 5 original cursors, if you know the original artists behind them please let me know!

Hope you like it!

## Installation Instructions
You can download a ZIP of this repository by clicking the green _Code_ button above and selecting _Download ZIP_ or by cloning it.

### Linux
1. Copy the `miku-cursor-linux/` dir to `/usr/share/icons/` (system-wide) or `~/.local/share/icons/` (per-user).
2. [Select the theme through your DE's settings manager.](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Cursor_themes#Desktop_environments)
3. On KDE, the desktop and some apps may default back to a different cursor set that isn't the one you chose. To fix this, add the following to `/usr/share/icons/default/index.theme` or `~/.local/share/icons/default/index.theme`:
	```ini
	[Icon Theme]
	Inherits=miku-cursor-linux
	```

### Windows
1. Open the `miku-cursor-windows\` folder in the ZIP.
2. Right-click on `Install.inf` and select _Install_.
